# Game Log – 05.07.25 vs Rus

- **Date:** 05/07/2025
- **Map:** Gorge
- **User**: TheLunarspear
- **My Civ:** Chinese
- **Opponent User**: Gento
- **Opponent Civ:** Rus
- **Result:** Loss
- **Game Duration:** 17 minutes

## Opening Strategy
Going for Pro Scouts and units to deny his pro scouts into castle.
Making horsemen to counter his HA

## Opponent Strategy
Pro Scouts into FC into HA and Knights

## What Went Well
- I was free to pro scouts my own deer.
- Basically nothing

## What Went Wrong
- Denying his deer was a mistake. Since the map is carmel, there is no real way to deny enough deer.
- Since carmel is so insanely food heavy, he would always have a comfortable transition to castle.
- By then, killing his HA would be too hard.
- He has a very smooth castle with a lot of resources.
- Bad horseman micro
- Missed him stealing my relics
- Made too many scouts

## What Should Be Done In The Future
- Since Chinese can outscale Rus, I should have played for the long game
- Going for the early units was a mistake. I should have aimed directly at castle.
- Upon reaching castle, I could have gone for a large amount of horsemen to try and kill his HA.
- I think however, since we were playing in carmel, it was actually correct to just bunker down.
- Drop another TC (since the map has so much food) and a Barbican on the Berries + Boar.
- Drop a bunch of springald towers, including on the big gold.
- Wall up and play for the long game while harassing, going for graneries if the Rus is booming.

## Key Moments
- [HH:MM:SS] 

## Replay
- Reviewed: Yes
- Youtube Video:
- AOE4World Match URL: https://aoe4world.com/players/22969958-TheLunarspear/games/187148592?sig=5ad6078ceff74b2d5c17cfc423c0497f5057d013