# 05.07.25 vs French

- **Date:** 05/07/2025
- **Map:** Sunkenlands
- **User**: TheLunarspear
- **My Civ:** Chinese
- **Opponent User**: PANIC ATTACK
- **Opponent Civ:** French
- **Result:** Loss
- **Game Duration:** 24 minutes

## Opening Strategy
My original idea was to open spears into pro scouts, then go castle after taking a good fight vs french.
Planning on making the comp of spearmen and horsemen.
I then saw he was going for a 2nd TC and became kind of confused about what to do.

## Opponent Strategy
2nd TC into Knights and Archers.

## What Went Well
- Got 4 relics

## What Went Wrong
- While I had the knowledge of him going for 2 TC, I didn't actually react to it.
- I still made spearmen, though there was no reason to actually make spearmen.
- The game went for a long time, allowing his 2nd TC to gain value.
- Barbican and Granery transition should have started much earlier

## What Should Be Done In The Future
- Right now, I think the correct thing was to get pro scouts and go for his deer immediatly with a bunch of couts, taking them and then taking the corner deer.
- After that, go to castle and take a bunch of relics.
- Since this map has small golds and I have imperial palace, there are many places to harass.
- Since I took so much deer, perhaps I should have went for the second town cetner to catch up with his 2nd TC.
- Alternately, I should have gone to try and kill his 2nd TC.

## Key Moments
- [HH:MM:SS] 

## Replay
- Reviewed: Yes
- Youtube Video:
- AOE4World Match URL: https://aoe4world.com/players/22969958-TheLunarspear/games/187151257?sig=8b4bcdc5c4eb0624c960b685e27c99e63d050087