# 06.07.25 vs Knights Templar on Gorge

- **Date:** 06/07/2025
- **Map:** Gorge
- **User**: TheLunarspear
- **My Civ:** Chinese
- **Opponent User**: Sun Tzowel
- **Opponent Civ:** Knights Templar
- **Result:** Loss
- **Game Duration:** 21 minutes

## Opening Strategy
Open with archers. Save resources for Pro Scouting

## Opponent Strategy
Military school opening, going for the deer early and putting a tower. Doing the same for his second pack of deer
He then kind of went for fast imp.

## What Went Well
- Got 4 relics
- Had better destroy value in the early game
- Had good harassment and better early castle

## What Went Wrong
- Didn't fully pro scouts for too long, had some scouts with deer on them in the middle of the map, missed two deers in the outward camps.
- Didn't commit to the playstyle, made units but did nothing with them. Pro scouts should have come later, and I should have secured his deer pack.
- I think going for a kill on his Miliary building was a good idea, it was forward.
- Macroed bad in castle, had large food floats in the game
- Not enough archer micro to kill janissaries. I should have swapped to Palace guards after relic phase ended.
- Big gold floats but I still had vills on gold.
- Didn't plan out food transition properly.
- Barbican was way too late.
- Forgot eco upgrades!
- Lost a bunch of knights to missmicro

## What Should Be Done In The Future
- Probably attempt to create more pressure in feudal.
- He went for Imp and 2nd TC at the same time, this is insane, he had no farms.
- I suicided an insane amount of my army the moment he aged up for some reason.
- His army was near the new TC, I should have just started to kill his Military schools.
- Since his Imp play was without farms and no big gold control, I probably could have just continued the pressure, however, I was also running out of food.
- He has a large amount of siege. I should never have tried to fight him straight on in his position, just go around the map killing buildings and vills.
- Don't panic from a bad imp play.

## Key Moments
- [HH:MM:SS] 

## Replay
- Reviewed: Yes
- Youtube Video:
- AOE4World Match URL: https://aoe4world.com/players/22969958-TheLunarspear/games/187212612?sig=0520211021c81733e044bb997036949abaaae2eb