# 09.07.25 vs Japanese on Dry Arabia

- **Date:** 09/07/2025
- **Map:** Dry Arabia
- **User**: TheLunarspear
- **My Civ:** Chinese
- **Opponent User**: Kalbi
- **Opponent Civ:** Japanese
- **Result:** Loss
- **Game Duration:** 25 minutes

## Opening Strategy
My original plan was making units and block his gold when he FC
When I saw second TC, I immediatly went for Pro Scouts and FC no units.

## Opponent Strategy
He went for second TC and onna-bugeisha 

## What Went Well
- I generally think I played well this game
- I took almost all of his deer
- Good micro killing spears with archers
- Took 4 relics
- Went for song, not a bad idea, even though we were going for the kill, its still a good way to scale
- Had a good knight harass, didn't lose many of them and killed vills.
- Took sacred sites

## What Went Wrong
- I could have seen this coming sooner from the amount of vills on gold he had
- Slightly too many guys on food in the castle transition, a bit more on wood and I would have built a monastary sooner
- Had no scout with my knights
- Bad Knights charge micro
- I spent a bunch of times killing a barracks, I should have went into his economy.
- Could have supervised better.
- After I took a good fight, I started accumulating wayyyyy too much food and gold, and I was missing wood.
- If I had wood, I could have made more produciton buildings and probably end the game with units
- Should have made palace guards due to insane amount of spears he had instead of Knights, with a bunch of archers.
- Crossbows for his Knights (though he didn't have many knights)
- His vills were outside the base going for berries and boar, should have had scouts on key resources, or a single unit
- Should have walled (no wood lol)
- Lost a bunch of knights in a bad raid

## What Should Be Done In The Future
- Maybe Barbican should have been placed agressively ontop of his production
- I lost the game due to no wood for more production buildings
- Had such large food and gold floats
- Should have made a market
- Unit comp was wrong, Palace Guards, archers and NoB
- Didn't scout where his vills were going, no scouts on key resources. I even had imperial palace.
- I took a good fight and went for the kill while I was mid farm transition. Terrible play, lost the game.

## Key Moments
- [HH:MM:SS] 

## Replay
- Reviewed: Yes
- Youtube Video:
- AOE4World Match URL: https://aoe4world.com/players/22969958-TheLunarspear/games/187359851?sig=5f8e132e340584a83ae1cc1c9bbd2c7ff79a85ea